[Music]
it's super funny like earlier after mark
said something random he was my big
screen welcome everyone to the League of
Legends World Edition of streamers
showdown brought to you by Acer predator
it's an online game show putting your
favorite streamers and personalities in
the battle of wits I'll be your host for
tonight mark Z you might recognize me
from doing stuff on the NA LCS analyst
desk the contestants the people with
real stars of the show this time though
we have dyrus special and cap and
flowers
dyrus how are you doing how's it going
you just finished a little bit of a
stream I saw your last loss you voted no
fighting till the end yeah I don't
remember what happened that's probably
better that I forget about it that's the
that's the great mentality instantly
block out the loss move on to the next
game that's how you climb at least I
think so
alright special host on the channel for
today how you doing buddy I'm doing
great
I was enjoying guys's channel you can
tell he's a real fighter appreciate that
how was it playing on a team with him
you see the same kind of tenacity to
instantly forget about losses yeah I
mean like you just kind of move on from
game to game and just you know take take
the good lessons I move on last but not
least captain flowers the odd man out a
little bit the the Riot Games
play-by-play shoutcaster took the world
by storm this year punching people in
the booth bodying is color commentators
messing them up how are you doing no na
LCS broadcasters were hurt in the making
of 2017 productions I swear sure I
believe that how's everybody feeling
about this you feel confident in your
knowledge of random League of Legends
stuff oh dude I'm ready to go let's do
it I do play League of Legends I feel
like it specials the kind of person
that's just insanely smart and not only
does he play a ton of League but he just
knows everything that's the kind of
person I feel like he is so I might be
pretty hard
I mean this is a game where it's not
just about like game knowledge it's like
do you remember ability names can you
draw things there's a lot of crazy stuff
that goes on definitely can I draw some
out maybe get yeah I'm pretty bad artist
- I'm kindergarten level drawing who's
the bad guy I vote I vote I mark I'm the
bad guy what yeah yeah also I'll throw
mine in for that - marks a bad guy I'm
not even playing
dude you're pulling the strings you're
the puppet master all right that's we'll
see yeah I got a lot of hate last time
because there's a small mix-up
people thought I robbed Dom I did not
rob Dom anyways let's move along before
we start I just want to give a quick
shout out this episode is brought to you
by a seer predator they are the official
sponsor of the League of Legends World
Championship 2017 all their monitors are
being used for the competition so
obviously pro gamers are gonna play on
them
you guys probably they're good enough
for you as well they're really high
quality stuff so check them out and if
you've never watched streamers showdown
before the way this works is there will
be six rounds each one a different game
type where the players will accumulate
points when you get answers correct you
gain points sometimes when you get them
wrong you lose points not every single
game you finish with the most points and
you are the winner of the streamer
showdown and twitch chat will spam the
emote of the winner they get to pick
what they want to see this chat spam the
entire time so that is basically how the
game works so before we get into a last
thing really quick I want to shout out
the Matsuri no tip jar if you like what
we're doing you can give us a you know a
quick donation or something it's in the
description below or on screen right now
hopefully proceeds go and help us make
feature little episodes and it's it's
really easy to use you just have to log
in with your twitch account you can
donate via PayPal and then you can also
buy things on the site so like Soylent I
know a lot of people use Soylent
you can also buy tickets something like
honey con if you've ever seen a League
of honey's you can get that kind of
stuff there and some of the proceeds go
to the tip jar so it's it's a great way
to if you don't want to just directly
throw money at us which of course we
love you can also get some stuff for
yourself as
well so you know you guys are enjoying
the show as we move on through it please
don't be shy about giving us any money
you know we'll definitely shout out
people as well so without any further
ado all that housekeeping out of the way
let's finally get into with round one
you guys like that the voice that was
pretty intense dude yeah I know so the
game that we're gonna start out with is
Who am I and in this game each question
will consist of a series of hints
describing a league of Legends champion
so it's only champions the hints are
gonna get shown one after another and
all the players will be seen them at the
same time if you feel like you know what
it is after seeing the hints you can
buzz in and give your answer if you win
you will get 100 points but if you get
it wrong you will lose points and the
other contestants will have chances to
answer they don't need to answer it
right away they can wait for more hints
so you know you can be as quick as you
want on the trigger finger with this one
but it doesn't hurt to essentially see
more of the hints you're do I lose a
hundred or do I lose like 10 use a
hundred Oh
spam it away with guesses that's your
kind of play style cap and flowers
anyways I play star of course I spam
what are you talking about alright well
we'll get started
if you guys are ready all contestants
good to go yep let's do it
alright why don't we start off with
question one and you're gonna hear me
roar okay pay there's a Katy Perry
reference especially with this pop this
is a league of legends related right
yeah this is this is all legal legends
really we the answer is not Katy Perry
got that one for free we'll move on to
the second hint bowling strike captain
flowers barely gets second before rengar
ringa ringa ringa is the answer rengar
it is indeed captain Flowers strikes
first
is this like puns to get to the champion
I've never seen these I've never seen
this these like lines in mind these are
not
quotes there's any sort of reference to
the champion so you know ring guards W
he roars his E is a bola it's it's a lot
of lateral thinking you gotta be on your
toes get expand your mind you'd alright
cuz I first thought volibear and then I
thought rengar I just like I mean nobody
roars though yes II yeah oh yeah polar
bear roars yeah roar it yeah anymore
alright we'll show you the rest of the
hint star seeing a little bit more
acclimated to uh how these work shrub
jumper Shawn it's gonna stick so as you
can see this is not like you know his
pattern is not all shrub jumper
expressional buzzes in for some reason
rengar Thank You production for making
sure he knows he got that wrong alright
we'll move on to question two you guys
feel like you're you're understanding
how this works
yeah I'm ready we're in there alright
question two first hint I've got a
chilly disposition
doesn't feel like anyone's ready to
quite buzz in yet we'll move on to the
old iris nevermind
Navya it's fitted Nivea I hope so you're
just that's the most lucker dog answer
do you know actually i stamps waited let
me let me explain it's basically chilly
disposition when I think of a Nivea her
are slows you a lot her W dispositions
you so I didn't I couldn't think of
anything else besides a Nivea sejuani
you know her cue bumps people up and
she's cold as well yeah I was a little
worried but I just felt like if I don't
go for this I mean this is a good time
to go for it cuz if they're scared to
answer then that's a good chance for me
so I don't know I guess I got pretty
lucky like you got a gut feeling you
take that good good points or not this
you can go negative okay yeah that -
under that would be unfortunate alright
alright guys just messing it up Bella's
beast actually yeah that was I was
impressive let's see what the other
hints would have been if darkest didn't
snipe that one instantly we got rocked
the dance floor at weddings poultry
style bird the dance yeah up the chicken
dance egg scape and reset I feel like
that's the one I'm so lucky I'm so glad
and the Articuno of low love somehow you
guys hadn't got it by the fourth hand I
feel like the second one when it threw
me off so you actually worse off with
two of them don't ya yeah I just I just
like what the heck does this be this
even a champion in are you kidding you
should know Kappa flowers anyway so move
on to question three dyerson cow flowers
each have a point especially yet to be
able to answer see if he gets a chance
here first hint my weapon is about as
tall as I am
where are you guys yeah yeah there's a
lot of weapons that pretty tall we'll
get to the second hand make no mistake I
will draw blood a special barely gets in
before dyrus darius do we have darius we
do a specialized i'm surprised you beat
me so that wow the buzzer yeah man
dyrus plays way more tears than anyone
here right should get out play do the
thing yeah well the thing is there's a
lot of other champions that are same
category for that weapon like
tryndamere's swords pretty big
I think Garen swords pretty close I
don't know Angele spear dude yeah
there's a lot yeah all right so what
were the other two hints just see what
they were we've got general Knoxx and
then the final hint
I would out slam LeBron James any day
obvious reference to the dunk master
skin
alright so question for a special got
his chance to buzz in he ties the game
up not connect right now first thing I
am dangerous anywhere on the map okay
kind of a global old reference
potentially who knows next hint my
deaths are costly got flowers cart this
he says Karthus dyrus is also buzzed in
so first up is the answer Karthus no oh
[Music]
boy oh I guess it's my turn then huh
yeah dude yeah or costly huh so next up
is dyrus you also buzzed in how many how
much time do I have
alright I guess
fuck I guess I just pantheon whatever
dude not all right you want to all in on
Pantheon I'll give you five more seconds
oh I know it I did I don't have enough
time for all right Pantheon do we have
Pantheon it's my butt expression
literally just has to sit there and read
they're like forth answers just get it
right yep especially you wanna you want
to bust in now you want to go man mode
see if you can get it or you want to
wait one dude flex muscles come on mmm
I'll take one more hand there's no way
this is like too vague come on dude you
all right one more we're not get what
I'm the most are you serious
are you trying is that that's what I was
thinking I was thinking out the shake
and not jayven being awful last hint in
the correct answer
oh my god main event the axe juggler so
we all suck really bad at this one wait
wait no no wait no doesn't make any
sense
no we don't solve it because we both
thought it was Karthus I think that's a
better answer there and he could have
waited for the point to not only bad
twitch chat also was spamming Karthus
with dyrus and captain flowers so like
not do any better
I mean wait how does master you have a
global.nomads leg he's thinking jungler
you know
p-site I guess that's fair but that's a
cost because he needs a snowball but if
you too deep right but Draven passive
literally costs and gold when he dies
ya know but then the first one was like
this it makes sense he's not the
interesting on the map these guys
yeah well card this well kabooms you
well he was scared of a messy and then
the Draven well Draven Zolt can be
dangerous if you're low so it's just
like you know that's why there's more
hints than just the first one they're
supposed to be ambiguous they're
supposed to trying to catch you out and
all right we got caught yeah that's fun
we all face check the question moved
after a total of four rounds we are all
sitting at 0 points we have made zero
progress guys who move on to question 5
we'll get some more points on the board
can I make a reference I mean captain
flowers face check the bush with blitz
and the entire team and then the next
bush like 5 seconds later a special face
checked that one there knowing and
knowing if they go back then he wins
that's not a facial did mummies alright
let's go question 5 first hint pull it
up a free spirit
I feel like maybe the contestants are a
little bit more reserved after that last
round we'll go on to the second hint
miss accessibility we got captain
flowers buzzing in Calista do we have
Calista that's I'm getting it then why I
think she's got it we're all taking the
place let's go
what's your answer diarist kindred is it
kindred mountain you're trying to
acquire points nuggets golf rules if
golf rules you go for lowest what we're
playing do you want to take all the
hints this time you're gonna go all-in
on the third one again I'll play with
the team uncle the third one again all
right you'll take one extra hint let's
pull that third hint up for him I
respect the iPass win like no other I
mean are you dude you're okay you chose
the last one like there's no way you
could do this twice yeah okay it can't
flush you think you know it now right
yeah okay to go back to the face
checking the bush analogy if he misses
this one it's like dying in that Bush
dropping award as he dies and TP back to
it as soon as he responds to in together
all right
is it Jenna it is okay
all right he got it he's gonna say Jenna
I'd be yeah dude especially for you
support player well you think I played
jazz could play support man come on all
right pretty good house she knows
ability I don't get that it cuz everyone
she's so like everyone can play her and
she's so easy I guess
all right I said I thought it was I'd
guess Calista because she makes
everything accessible for her supporters
you can pull them to safety and throw
them into the fight and everything it's
ok interpretation I yeah I guess Kendra
cuz you know the the wolf is like a free
spirit and then accessibility she can
jump over walls and stuff so I was like
oh there's no way but then the last yeah
I'm a respect to respect it more now
yeah I I like that you guys are trying
things all right me and iris are just
rolling at this point deal I could
negative a hundred five I think we met
you I think we've made some educated
guesses though but yeah I mean under
estimating it you know the only reason
people think we're bad is because
they're practicing results based
analysis dude they're just they're
clowning like all we're doing right now
we're making good guesses that just
happen to be bad at the end true true
so we'll see if you can improve that as
we move on to question six especially
with that one puts himself 200 points in
the lead it's time to answer back first
hint don't fall for my tricks captain
black horse instantly zero mistakes what
Shaco is it Shaco is there even a place
on summoners rift that has this many
brushes in a row to facecheck this is
like two jungle quadrants first I face
check the bottom Lane try brush then I
checked the brush right next to their
red then I check the brush right next to
the Raptors then I went back to the try
brush and int it again Tyrus you want to
join him on this ending mission I'm I
learned my lesson
dude he's the one question mark pinging
me from the fountain now he's like what
the hell is this alright let's go up
some more hints let's get the second one
on screen
I love chaining kills together oh I
almost like special block is the answer
LeBlanc oh dude he's actually yeah it's
yeah
that was good yeah there you go Leblanc
I mean I'll play for you guys to go to
negative 505 special strategy is just
wait so you guys kill yourselves and yet
ever bless me it hard enough and then
you just win by default all right let's
see the other two hints we've got the
Clone Wars the passive in French white
would that have helped you guys you know
French and okay no third one would have
okay the third one would have helped a
lot no wait what honestly would have
just confused me like like that fourth
one is probably the the most vague
fourth one yet because I don't know
French it's actually like the third one
could confuse me because I've always
thought of jinn as like a stormtrooper
my tricks I mean he he he lays traps and
he chains kills kills together with his
Q if possible you know like I would have
confused me a little bit
yeah I think an or team oh but you know
team was not really on the for the first
one for the first one it does he fall
them around so traps maybe I don't know
any French right no well not for the
last one I've been saying for the number
one French champion alright let's go
we'll move on to question seven first
hint it's a trap I'm not God I'm nothing
we just talked about you baby all right
we'll move on to the second hint one
with the jungle captive flowers oh wow
Nidalee is it oh that's a good goose it
is indeed ah yeah there we go there we
go come back yeah almost
only a hundred under where I started now
oh one question yeah these points carry
on to the next object yes so all six
games you're acquiring points over the
course of that at the end there's a
winner don't worry too much about
deficits a last episode I think shifter
was in last place at the end of the
first game and he ended up
the whole thing so they're it's it's a
long game you guys left plenty of time
cabin flowers will likely not stay
negative I'm going for lose lane win
game let's go alright well we'll see oh
oh I wonder if there's ever been a
negative contestant over the course
though ask production about that one
anyways let's still the last two hints
beware of this cougar boys and would win
an Olympic gold medal with her toss
pretty pretty good hints all around yeah
yeah alright question eight first hint
member of the original six okay okay
we'll move on to the second hint nilam
buzz then quite yet unstoppable force
it's special
Malphite is it Malphite oh really
oh-oh this this one's such a pain I love
it I was going through these questions
before and they got me pretty good yeah
okay alright Darcy Buster's Irish gotta
go for it dude unstoppable force univac
what'd you say
Zack is it Zack all right give me
another hint mark are you all 102 you
tell me what you want give me one I
don't play that forehand shit I don't
know
all right most powerful when dead what I
got so baited most powerful wind bed and
he's an unstoppable force is it too late
to play that fourth hint shit it's your
dignity okay I keep I'd rather keep my
dignity I can get a hundred points
anywhere dude I got to keep my dignity
all right let's see most powerful wind
dead member of the original six I
already guessed kartha Swanson is wrong
I can't guess that again did you know
the original six I thought that the
original six thing had to do with star
Guardians originally but I don't think
any of the star Guardians are better
when they're dead
you can always you can always spit you
out you know no one's gonna alright I
just I'm just guessing
I'm funded I've got some card this is it
Karthus no really last hint what is a
juggernaut but not a juggernaut it's
Olaf
no one knows well show the answer it's
as a losses in a way no wait what
huh what's the original six casaya was
one of the original six champions was he
yeah he's away really old you remember
this yeah okay I feel like they're
actually trolling there I guess I guess
makes funds to different chance together
edition do you know its lore how do you
like he just keeps going forward even
when he's killed like that's his thing
yeah I thought it was pentakill
but there's only five huh yeah I'm stone
ax in the last album or something I feel
like I did they brought a kale we could
have all got four hints and still got it
wrong
oh yeah we all would have missed it like
I don't like big vidi now cuz that
fourth one wouldn't help me alright this
is the toughest game of streamer
showdown ever no one with points alright
first question nine precious stoner
no one buzzing Oh captain flowers tarik
do we have tarik oh that's a good one
yeah
precious gems I didn't where we go I was
thinking Turk but I just I can't
underestimate it anymore yes I'm scared
though all light now is I'm sure gems I
don't know see that's that's how you get
ahead you don't read the new lawyer when
they do it so then all you remember is
the old lore and then you're in there
yeah
all right let's show the rest of the
hints a lover not a fighter
invincibility from the heavens
gemologist by trade feel like three and
four would have hun percent done it yeah
all right captain flowers crawling his
way out if he gets the last question he
can be back to zero by the climbing up
baby we're climbing up let's go on to
the final question of the round first
hint I prefer my surname only oh my god
captain flowers thinks he has this one
I'll be amazed vane is it vane can you
explain this okay this is actually a
really good this is a really dank meme
for one of my friends that I hope is
watching right now because he played a
lot of vane and he called that she cut
he called her Shauna and I original was
like why are you calling this champion
Shauna that's not what the champions
called it's called vain he was like no
if you ever read the Laura her name's
Shauna vain I was like you're your slut
controlling like what are you talking
about and I actually had to go look up
the lore and see that that was her name
cuz I didn't believe his ass I don't
know I can't believe you know that fact
about it I had no idea what about lay
misfortune or like a Master Yi what
above Swain the Swain have like a full
and that's Wayne's name was just swings
history chose Swain oh yeah jerkle Swain
naw dude all I ever knew I was vain cuz
it's my shout out to you Lewis thanks
bud
with the help of Lewis captain Flowers
has avoided being negative in the first
round of streamers showdown will show
the other hints now because this was a
tough one like yeah there's a lot of
champions who have liked
nickname to go through role high and
crit you know like the tumble barrel
where my shot silver bolts and then not
an artery
it's a vein ah fun yeah Mike I can't
believe you got them the first one
though alright so that will do it for
Who am I the first round of streamer
showdown how do you guys how do you guys
feel about the game now after the first
round you feel more confident less
confident I'm just glad that I'm not
negative i misclicked like once but i'm
surprised that it was that difficult you
know tricky yeah well as we move into
the next game hopefully you'll be able
to get some points back let's go to
round 2 alright
round 2 we got one of those for every
new round because it's already alright
let's do it
so this game I think you guys will love
it is called a twitch chat says and in
this game players will be trying to
guess how twitch chat has responded to
some survey questions that we asked
about worlds we surveyed everyone's
twitch chats and got a lot of responses
these are not exclusively about worlds
but some of them are it's up to you guys
to guess what twitch chats top answers
were so each contestant left two lives
this game I'm sure this is why you guys
are gonna love this game because you
can't lose points a wrong answer the
life instead so for each question that
we asked a twitch chat you're gonna get
two opportunities to get wrong once
you've lost your two lives you are out
until the next round starts the game
continues until everyone has lost their
lords or until all the answers are shown
there's gonna be a total of eight I
believe per question the person in last
place will go first every single time
and then we'll just like go through the
first answer the most popular answer for
every question is worth 300 points so a
huge Oh points there all other answers
are just worth 100 points like I said
total of three so let's get on to the
first question and dyrus with the
tanking strategy we'll be able to go
first and so the question is who will
represent na at Allstars this year
so remember this is twitch chat gave
their answers and this is players as
well so you know you I believe went to
an all-star event you probably all right
so I I just say one player or yup so
give me your one answer right or wrong
if it's right you get the points if it's
wrong you as a heart and we'll go to the
next player and then we'll just go in a
cycle okay
number one answer though to get those
300 points all right I guess I'll start
with bjergsen starts with B Erickson do
we have B Erickson on the board we do
number one answer
catapults himself in the first place
damn that's slingshot Mackay do this is
like catch up exp I know it's broken
yeah this is busted dude I went out and
tried to like gank and do anything else
and I got my team really far ahead and
he killed one Raptor camp and all the
sudden he's ahead of me you put your
team pretty far behind to start I was
just I was creating space for my team to
make moves you're injured Hank this
whole game guys
Oh God all right special I believe
you're up next
what is your guest wait why my legs uh I
actually don't know I'm crazy captain
flowers is up next
wait why is he oh you were you were in
second place that's why we're tired yeah
we're tied you were you were the you
were the first one there doesn't it
doesn't matter everyone everyone's gonna
get their chance alright I'll go I'll go
hon say hon sir do we have posture on
the board you do indeed last place
barely on the board
captain flowers moving on to you give me
Jenson do we have Jenson on the board oh
no faith in cloud nines mid laners shame
on you twitch chat yeah you've got
further than be Eric's net world's why
is this guy not going to more
international competition oh come try
them all three times he's been to worlds
as well unlucky unlucky anyways back to
dyrus now
sneaky do we have sneaky on the board do
diverse moves up your points all right
you skip this or just detector I've seen
what's that you skip or no just keep
those skipping you don't lose any points
you just lose a heart and you get your
hearts back when we move on to the next
question in this game so there's no
reason not just fire for it okay I'll do
double is doublelift
we also have double lift on there 280
carries so far no junglers mentioned no
supports mentioned support life cap and
flowers back to you all right give me
[Music]
give me Olay do we have Olay on the
board no I'm dead I'm dead
yeah Sam you catch at the XP twittered
is a brutal yeah I mean remember it's
supports you don't get enough love this
guy really burst on this in what is
twitchchat gonna say dyrus you know
twitch chat you've been living with them
for a while um impact do we have impact
Wow no annoying all right mmm special to
tie it up thank you
it's tough half a man afro move do we
have a Froman on the board oh yeah and
once again this is twitch ed kind of
gave you some hints not much love for
supports generally skyress
so yeah back to you a guess yes there
there really really interesting people I
guess I would guess myself
there you go this now you know the level
will working it you guys are Oy oh my
god special its back to you you feel
like you have a better understanding of
what to expect hardly go with Tyler one
a Tyler watch yeah Tyler would know I
really that's a pretty good guess
special has lost all his lives dyrus
you're the only one left you can run the
table here I got a huge lead I'm a cutie
pie okay we actually had to pick like
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's not like you know a select surveyed
it's right at all right yeah I always
twist yeah who would I pick two more
answers to give I guess the I'm a cutie
pie poison d-list I think this might be
a little okay I guess um I have a time
limit yeah I'll start counting you down
okay longer all right I just keep
thinking until you countdown all right
we start counting down 10 9 8 bottle FRA
bio frost we have bio frost no once
again the supports no love that is the
last life for all the contestants will
show the remaining two answers you have
smithy oh okay only junk lot that's a
good one actually yeah yeah that's a
solid vote and the last answer some day
I was thinking about picking sundae or
flame but I did I was gonna say for him
but you
and yeah so you can see a lot of troll
answers but some real ones as well and
yeah once again no support love yep
unlucky dude I'm lucky all right so
that's gonna do it for the first
question move on to the second one
captain flowers it is your turn to
benefit from ketchup XP
oh yeah baby Sammy bagging so we got a
fun question here not to do with a
competitive scene which champion is in
dire need of a redesign whoo okay which
champ isn't am I allowed to look at a
list of champions no really no external
resources dude this is all brain power
there's all brain power okay more fun
that way all right I'm gonna go garan we
got Garen is Garen on the board rework
not too long ago 2015 juggernaut rework
no Kelly bad at this game oh no I
thought that was a good Gus well luckily
captain flowers has tanked the first
heart for you diary so you do not have
to guess Garen you uh it's actually
special up next with 200 points
I may do Soraka
do we have Soraka on the board no we go
on this there's one stuff there's 120 30
champions you know we'll go with dyrus
now just grab the 301 again says 8 rocks
I know this because every chat I've been
to they all spam a troll at least for me
they want me to play aatrox I'm like
what the hell play cuz so bed
well there's so much there's so much
controversy around it to because he's
just like his age rocks he's at war he's
like we're on there's a couple others
but we'll wait yeah I don't don't give
away your answers just yet you want to
keep growing that lead up to a whopping
800 points he's back to Captain flowers
alright gimme kindred do we have kindred
on the board no captain flowers knock
out again
sitting at that zero points I guess he
really wants to go first again yeah dude
300 points he doesn't want them oh my
good I'm gonna rise especially says rise
dyrus I guess first gonna pop Xin Zhao
Xin Zhao we have Xin Zhao on there nope
dyrus loses his first heart Teemo do you
have Teemo on there dr. Seuss's last
hour only a single answer in this one
okay
let's see what these were I'm really
interested to see what you said let's
just go and reveal okay alright I grief
that one that's fair win got Malphite
okay Malphite mordekaiser we're just
trying to set a record with like 400
bugs on one chance
Pantheon also on there oh okay nunu
simple design champions Bolivar is when
I thought you guys would have got cuz
you mentioned him earlier yeah and then
I'm here come on these are good ones I
don't feel bad about my guess is like I
don't feel like these were super mine
were super far away I would redesign
Garen yeah not too long ago all right
didn't get a rework he got tenacity on
his W four points he's got a mini game
we don't talk about the skirt or mini
King move on to the the last question in
this round after file we're sitting at
zero points will be going first again
alright on screen what streamer would
you want to be roomies with and remember
twitch chat I'm a cutie pie captain
flowers gives them the I'm a cutie pie
number two answer Mosul with dad would
you say special dyrus diarists we have
digress on the board the number one
that's what I shoulda guessed dude yes a
special man just yet back to 500 points
Snipes the the 300 point answer away
next up back down a cap and flowers wait
wait it's my return iris is up um Bjork
son
bjergsen do we have bjergsen on there so
you're saying oh okay no one likes what
wait was this they probably don't think
he's a streamer explicitly League of
Legends streamers are the other stuff
too it is whatever so it was given to
especial and irises twitch chat so it's
whatever they would say okay let's go is
sneaky do we got sneaky up there indeed
see he's on the board Kappa flowers
catching up a little bit big special
medias do we have meteos sing with the
c9 buddies no medias especial loses his
first heart of the round back to dyrus
only only one life remaining last one in
the round poking room do we have pokey
indeed barely on there okay
but he stays alive got that mark up to
900 points could break four digits we'll
have to see
captain flowers you're up hmm from dyrus
and expecially a little bit more eSports
scene focus it seems like maybe not
let's go with exspecially let's go with
especially is expecially on there nope
no that's true
the dominant one that's like with SCARA
do we have SCARA on them they're sick
and with some Delta Fox players indeed
three out of five Delta Fox on there
right now
special staying alive up to 600 points
chastened iris um for a boy maybe have
voyboy on the list
Oh a boy also on the list okay four out
of five Delta Fox back down to captain
flowers let's just complete Delta Fox
did give me shifter do we have shifter
wow made it back to expecially tough
[Music]
Tyler one Tyler one mmm he's on there
oh man I'm a little surprised at that
one that dude so loud actually being his
roommate well I mean I was number I
remember watching like randomly flipping
on his stream once and he was talked
about he's like boys I'm reformed I
managed to not talk shit in the chat
anymore I'm not getting banned anymore
and I just found a different way to
express my anger as webcam towards the
wall and there's like 17 holes punched
in it to trash this apartment like all
the time while you're gonna be playing
cleanup for him yeah I don't know maybe
twitch chat wants to do that anyways a
special stays alive in the game only one
answer left over to dyrus box box we
have box box nope dyrus out and especial
can close it to 200 points between him
and dyrus dyrus is chat right so I'm in
goal of Emily guys his girlfriend mo I
Maru I'm a that's how he's hit em rule
Emma remember on the board
better not be on the list
dad you gonna cut a fucking trouble dude
Oh Chad would have been in trouble
alright lad we show the last one got
Tobias fate hooker that is all of them
now we'll conclude clewd round two dyrus
is over four digits at a thousand points
good job by him especial not too far
behind just range of points back at 700
captain flower still bringing up the
rear wants that scaling four rounds to
go I'm sure okay yeah yeah you know you
know I'm worried are you
no dude not at all we're like eleven
minutes into the game right now they got
the first Drake I don't even care dude
it was clammy maybe they broke your
first hurry you're doing yeah it doesn't
matter alright so before we move on to
the next round I just want to give a
quick shout out once again to match for
Reno they sponsor the show and they are
where you can give the tips you they do
the tip jar is in the description down
below in the you know all that info
somewhere and it's also gonna be shown
on screen you can get the info there
it's really easy to use just log in the
twitch can't use PayPal whatever and
they also are able to buy different
things on there so you know we talked
about Soylent there's some supplements
there's honey's con if you guys are
desperate which I mean your twitch chat
so you know and some of those proceeds
will go to us as well so we very much
appreciate if you uh can do anything and
all the proceeds go to the production
and the cast so thank you very much if
you can do anything for us but without
further ado let's get back to the game
with round three round three love it
down flowers you've probably seemed like
you'd be the best for doing that kind of
voice work give me around three round
three like some Mortal Kombat oh good
Derek to you I get points for that
uh I'll see a production what they tell
me you can get 50 points according to
production I cool I'll take that dude
well see if I'll give some other
attempts to die or something special for
some free points but later on for now
let's get into the third round this game
is called vision control pretty simple
game in this one we will start with
different image portraits of League of
Legends champion arts in a splash art
and we'll start very very zoomed in will
slowly pan out
eventually when you think you know what
it is you can buzz in and guess what the
champion is each correct answer is worth
200 points wrong answers
warning morning Pam flowers are worth a
negative 200 points do we have to name
the just the champ or is it the skin -
it is just the champ and I believe all
of them are the base champ splash arts
but I'm not 100% sure about that so
without any further ado if you guys feel
ready we will start with the first
champion
buzzing when you think you got it
flowers
Wladimir it isn't flat immune good yes
one we're starting easy I think this
one's pretty you see that the red rail
right it was it wasn't the trail for me
it was the flap on the coat yeah oh it's
so freely and fancy dude like there's a
couple different chants and have that
blood shit flying everywhere like I
could've hit a trucks or something but
as soon as I saw the coat now that was
GG yeah I'll warn you be careful some of
these are tricky you know you'll start
with what you think is a green champion
they'll pan out and it's just like one
random square so you're just trying to
finagle me out of points mark I know
what you okay if you want to keep I know
what you're doing you're trying to stop
the comeback all right I guess I champ
number two you can put your buddy worry
about this let's go ahead
so it's green apparently I keep panning
out petal sticks little sticks
fiddlesticks
that's a pretty iconic mouth going out
specialist bringing in the rear barely
got in there no mice my man my space if
I wasn't working
oh are you worrying like not on the
right tab or something yeah we're you
can use the mouse maybe a little bit
better also why weren't you on the right
tab where you were you watching twitch
chat where you she oh okay okay
Fiddlesticks cap and flowers catapult
himself back only 50 points behind a
special now we'll go on to the third
champion of the game
dyrus get to get involved in this one
some kind of skin beige maybe some armor
who knows Leona shell thinks he's got it
oh you say it again I special Leona
do we have Leona on the board
oh not Leona anyone else ready to buzz
in before we ease him out a little bit
more not me man not me I'm good okay
let's keep Suman out he's got a quick
reaction
give me the Corki do we got Corki it is
indeed Corki fire he's on fire I got a
voice hell yeah
damn he's got killing spree going on
here three in a row we're stopping it
that's 50 points see that just put him
in the and good spy yeah so once again
captain flowers now a head of a
specialist he also got it wrong the
production there was I know it was on
the wrong one but Cap'n flowers did in
fact buzz in first so don't worry I had
the buzzers in front of me it was really
really close though so we will go on to
champ number four a lot of blue very
light blue captain flowers thinks he's
got it said jawani it says money oh my
god Wow all the way out come on dude
I've been looking at this champion
splash out of every single game for the
past like two months I got this memory
oh yeah can be a zoom all the way out
and I thought for sure when I saw us the
first time it was like tarik or Yasuo
but it's edge Ronnie yeah I was thinking
yes her first but she's got those that
the fluffy fur on like the shoulder pads
and like the skirt guard thing pads and
with that one captain flowers has
actually taken the lead thanks to the 50
points he's secure with his amazing
rendition of round three so so tough so
far as anyone else gotten one right yeah
is it just Kevin flowers in this crown
he's four for four oh yeah it was long
because I started with 250 dude I was in
the dumpster
all right so we'll move on to the fifth
one hopefully someone else and get
involved here I don't even know what
color to call that kind of weird
green brown thing keep zooming out
slowly a special zoo
thinks he's got this one maybe not he's
happy flowers buzzes him behind him Oh
Glenn is it Glenn oh he did holy shit
I feel like that one I should have had
actually no you know you guys are good
holy moly
as soon as I saw the scar all eyeball
like the edge of the eyeball that's when
I knew buttock special had me by like a
half second dude he was too quick
special barely got there
dyrus it's just not your game huh I mean
I just think they're too good yeah I
mean I'm pretty impressed with Captain
flowers to be honest with most of these
yeah yeah I'm waiting all right two two
two of them I was just like half a
second late on the buzzer so I will see
if you can finally get the right answer
especially gets back up to the 700
points he was at the start of the round
and we're on to champ number six some
green looks like material of some kind
going out and happy flowers thinks he's
got this one as well
gangplank is a gangplank stormy color
palette to work real quick case you
wondered what LCS casters doing their
off time you look at splasher
holy crap all right having flowers
commanding 1250 points two more to go in
this game
or go on to champ number seven pretty
clearly an eyeball of some kind look
listen dyrus gets involved first finally
first chance to answer Ramos
oh yeah he got it everyone buzzes in on
that one
pretty pretty I think like iconic
eyeball for some reason let's just yeah
yeah I don't know how I don't know thank
God I need the you would be tied captain
flowers Silva with those 50 points
keeping him in the lead just a little
smidge last one especially can pull
himself closer or someone can grab a
commanding lead we'll go on and start
this one some greens some blues teal
color I'm gonna go out on a limb here
and say it's Karma oh you think it's
Carmela I don't know it's pretty crazy
answer let's see if it's Karma
what do you know you know I thought it
was looking like kha'zix cuz you seen
yeah all that I was like starting spot
by the production team yeah surprise
that one but Katherine flowers guess
again
what was that six out of eight yeah
start it in the dumpster now we here I
told you mark I'm playing for the long
game gala he's got that two item power
spike coming in sitting at fourteen
fifty points diarists just behind him
it's 1200 special 700 not his round and
before we move on next game you guys
guys feeling confident this is like the
halfway point is anyone more convinced
that they're gonna win now yeah I'm
convinced I'm not gonna be dead last
[Laughter]
hold on dude I don't know come on we're
not threes enough no I don't know what
the expect last round is gonna be like a
10,000 point game or something she's
gonna decide everything
yeah probably there's nothing that crazy
there's one that you can get like a
thousand points at most but it's usually
nothing that's like the whole game comes
down to one round so you don't know who
the favorite is but you guys know who
blasts will be at least I mean there's
one person here four digits in their
score that's all I'm saying
yeah remember that all right well before
we get into round four and especially
gets to redeem himself I just want to
give another quick shout out to a store
creditor they have the official sponsor
of the League of Legends World
Championship as well as the show all the
monitors being used to the competition
and while I don't have a nice monitor to
show off I do in fact have one of their
laptops this thing's awesome
it's use it to stream some of the other
shows that I do as well as edit and any
anything like that it's just a great
laptop can play pub G on it on really
high settings I recommend people if
you're looking for a laptop potentially
check this one out it's very very nice
it's better than my computer right now
yeah it's actually better then I'm using
for sure
damn it's a beast all right well now it
is time to move on to round four round
four all right who wants he wants to try
and get some 50 points
dyrus Eric special one is trying to give
the round four no heard you want me to
say round four yeah give me give your
manliest growly astound for round before
they will vacuum tires 250 points Oh
the effort that counts yeah yeah I think
it's long as you like you know you put
your heart into it anyways a game that
we'll be playing for round four is the
lull showcase and in this game each
player will take turns drawing while the
other players are guessing each player
will be drawing a champions ability
if nobody if the answer is guessed
correctly excuse me the drawer and the
correct gesso will each receive 300
points if nobody guesses correctly no
one gets any points each player will
draw a total of three times guessers
must buzz in before they guess
and each guesser only gets one guess how
much do you lose for a wrong guess you
don't you don't lose any points okay and
do you have to name them like do I have
to say you have to know that abilities
name you can't okay I ball I have to say
bullet time I can't say misfortune are
or will give you like what will make a
judgment call it's like really close
it's like maybe you know half the name
but you can't quite remember the whole
thing well I don't give me any of that
old or got kind of stuff like the
hyperkinetic position reverse I know
that like mouthful of garbage I like
that name potentially No so please do
one that you're not on I like that one
anyways a couple more rules real quick
there's no use of letters numbers basic
ASCII symbols on your keyboard so like
anything that would be on your keyboard
you cannot use but you can use like an
arrow so if you draw like an eyeball or
something and you want to point to
something you can use an arrow but you
can't write anything you can't you can't
use any character really okay if you do
do this you will not get any points but
the guesser will so you're literally
just helping somebody out if you do this
so don't do it so right answers are
worth 200 points apiece excuse me and
you know if people get them together
both people get the points and once
again no penalties for wrong guessing so
we'll start things out the order we'll
start with Captain flowers drawing first
Oh baby so uh before we start take a
little bit of time to doodle on the game
board to maybe get a feel for it
you can click around you know tests have
different colors of chalk at all or just
the one no no no different colors no
this is a tree that's a pine tree
alright mr. son
all right I like this is like a mountain
I think if you're ready you'll have 90
seconds to draw so cap flowers you good
to go
all right I'm ready all right let's
start the timer and then and a half we
drawing this he's got it
you guys will got some kind of square
cube anyone got a feeling what this
could be you don't get so you get one
guess around right you only get one
guess around okay but you got to be
careful because of a special buzzes in
first uh-huh I don't I don't know what's
called you don't know it but you think
you know what it the ability is yeah so
dyrus thinks he knows the ability just
can't remember the name quite yet
forty-five seconds remaining half the
time is gone
you got two two cubes
so uh we've got a stack of circles out
of nowhere she swears I feel like dyrus
knows what it is and none of these hints
are helping him enough I like the
drawings oh I think a flower isn't a
good job with the drawings Oh
so it's special has buzzed in and one
thing to note captain flowers with those
oh and I guess I won't tell us what you
especially first why don't you uh why
don't you go ahead and tell me what you
think the answer is it's loaded dice is
the answer loaded dice it is indeed oh
that's what it's called oh yeah you were
thinking Twisted Fate passive right yeah
oh I was like wild cards or I didn't
know it's called loaded dice like I just
don't know the name I didn't know how to
draw dice that were loaded so I just
tried to tried to draw dice it actually
looked like cubes no I knew what it was
but I wasn't sure I didn't want to ask
if passes were allowed but yes they were
allowed if passed
yeah so passes are allowed like it's all
five abilities basically so quick note
here though
captain flowers would you take a look at
those cards that you drew for me yes
what about them is there anything
standing out to you about the the cards
no they just have strange symbols on
them one of which is an arrow this is
arrow pointing to the northeast and this
is a different arrow pointing upwards
that has a squiggly thing in it because
I fucked up the drawing I don't know
what you're talking about very clearly
like these this this letter look at the
directions that cards are pointing mark
this one's pointing north it's a little
hard a north card that's the north of
Brazil art that's the northeast car
looks like an A and a 7 there's like
three dots on there what was that that's
what I think all right so the way this
will work is expressible gained the
points for getting this one correctly he
gained stillinger points captain flowers
does not gain any points my god I got
lost some points to you like you know I
got robbed dude
he's a repeat offender we'll consider uh
you know docking points buff just for
now doesn't gain any points he gives a
little bit of a leg up I'm just I I'm
doing a special a favor he needed him oh
yeah okay unlucky there where it starts
yeah that was very kind of you getting
special yeah I'm just helping out my
dude got to get him up to that four
digit marker but overall I thought the
drawing was pretty good so this is
really drawing next up is dyrus ready to
show off his artistic skills all right
go around mess around the board a little
bit drop some doodles figure out you
know how it's gonna work
you can clear the board wipe it away got
a star got a smiley face looking like a
kindergartner all you probably need
that's a good mr. son alright you feel
like you're good to go
yeah good alright let's start that timer
up there we go timers started oh okay
clear away your drawing probably less
that is unless this is the ability oh
man there should be a clear button on
there dyrus if you want to wipe that
away ways a not clear for you goes no oh
okay housing up is it clear now no oh
yeah I think I think it's bugs you might
want to restart yeah we're having a
little bit of a problem we're gonna have
to pause for you here oh there we go
timers pause music still going though
feel scary um we'll get production reach
out to you and tell you what you need to
do there you go it's clear now oh okay
that's weird all right
yeah now we're good that was weird
alright so we're gonna have to reset the
timer dyrus gets a little bit of an
advantage here I guess having seen his
uh his answer for longer than you guys I
can't draw KD that that thing I drew for
you guys are those like lumpy dice is
the best drawing I've ever made in my
life like no is good it's actually good
yeah so why don't we go ahead and
restart the timer here and dyrus go for
it
all right we got pretty clearly a stick
figure I think I'm allowed to say that
maybe some kind of sickle anyone think
all the keyboard writte captain flowers
buzzin and thinks he knows what it is
siphoning strike siphoning strike is
that the correct answer here I'm a
little surprised you buzzing that
quickly just with that dyrus still still
drawing date on me I like to flex yeah
that was that was that was a good try I
guess especial is alone now Kathy
flowers cannot buzz and again so he has
the full 50 seconds to watch as dyrus
attempts to illustrate what this is he's
got an arrow pointing to a square and a
circle around it
oh I'm so dumb count flowers thinks he's
figured it out now oh I do know what it
is dude all the Intel the timing yeah
there's no reason to rush as usual it's
a really good drawing Maya and you like
it I'm free I'm pretty sure if you think
you don't it you can save dyrus the pain
of having to draw more okay okay it's a
the box is it is it the boss coming
special dyrus sounds excited is it the
box we're gonna get production - dude I
saw him draw the cane and I thought for
sure he was going for the nasty so that
was that was risky I think as you drew
the like the hook portion full yeah but
I wanted them to know that is like which
champion it was so I was just like I
don't know how to draw a hook so I try
to draw something that looked like a
hook and hooking and then I was like oh
maybe I should just draw a box and then
I threw the puck
I like how that was a second idea a baby
should draw the ability yeah I just I
wanted to identify the champion and then
identify the ability it's not a bad line
of logic do you feel like this is the
easiest potential ability in the game
the boss probably I didn't know what the
fresh assault is called though I don't
know it's called the box is indeed the
box
all right so special once again getting
the points as the the guesser
dyrus not cheating actually gets points
as well and what the $50 for his round
for ties captain flowers up all right
all right
and now we'll move on to a specialist
first round he'll be drawing you want to
do it away or you think you don't even
need the fact I use the practice his
turn for mister son oh my god that's a
good mister son look at all those rays
of sunshine that detailed mister so much
yeah that went away you clearly know how
to draw and let's go ahead and start
that timer not drawing anything yet oh
he's going for it once again going for
the stick figure tactic
got got something in his hand strugglin
can do like a plus sign
yeah you can or yeah you can do a plus
you can do a plus that's just that's
good good in you ask though technically
that is on your keyboard so we got some
kind of dead person plus an another
person equals the same person with a
ribbed knife so my math equations teach
Manning that means the dead person is
equal to zero if you know my algebra
holds up wait dead person plus guy who's
the same guy without a dead purse
therefore dead person equals zero it's
is basic math we're coming down to the
wire we got ten seconds left
no one is buzzed in yet if time runs out
and you guys can then buzz in so you
have you don't lose any points either so
at some point you should just buzz in
and try you probably wanna buzz in first
two one is anyone gonna buzz in please
buzz in there's no reason not to
especial stop drawing please buzz in
anybody I okay iris is buzzing you can't
lose points there's literally no reason
not to try what is what is your guest
iris nice trick I don't know dude - do
we have it
all right catchy flowers remove scurvy
remove scurvy not actually bad what is
this it's way it's blood well but can
you explain the policies drawing blood
well I'm dying into him coming back
alive Bush's during a blood and 12 yeah
that could have been pretty
yeah I don't want to give any points
away you know that's the yeah that's a
very interesting strategy don't have
yourself out or anyone else I think I
think if you put in a different order
maybe but I don't know I was a little
confused on that one yeah also I'll
admit though that was at one a tough you
know passive skill but also not the best
execution you know with that we're gonna
wrap back around captain flowers
starting out again all right let's get
the timer going don't need to do rule
this this at all right so he sees his
hint he's thinking he's drawing back to
the stick figure is not the best rate
successfully with stick figures uh
surprised to see people always going
back to them
got some someone doesn't look very happy
long hair only one guests around right
yes so if you buzz in that is gonna be
your guest
so there's another stick figure getting
something on top of them and this guy's
looks dead best eyes crossed out tongue
out captain flowers has a thirty five
seconds left about twitchchat struggling
as well with this one open tomorrow
stinks he's got it as chemical ours was
adding some flair dyers what do you
think it is ricochet ricochet ricochet
it's the silver ricochet is it ricochet
no but it's not ricochet 30 seconds
remaining for captain flowers to expand
on this first special
is easy it's gonna I would say this
isn't alright drawing for what it is
nice try 15 seconds remaining work
specials forced to guess he's got his
fingers on his head struggling to think
about what the hell this could possibly
be you got some more Flair going up
around the lady I assume it's a lady
with the long hair some more stuff time
is up now though
you got a stopped drawing cat flowers
hold you don't want to lose points again
especially buzz in so you can give your
guests music her asking reads do we have
grasping roots my dude okay yeah mostly
flowers so like where those yeah that's
trying to say this is I the leaf was
gonna be a flower floating up here and
then I was gonna point it at her being
like this is the flower champion okay
but I didn't realize like you can't draw
on this very top part of the board
so my last part of my flower got cut off
yeah so I got trolled a little bit I was
just trying to put enough flowers on
there to be like hey this is IRA yeah
there's a little bit of a upper limit
Darras you used me I was like wait a
second yeah you have gone this if you
waited a little longer so I mean you
know I don't even know the name of
ability alright and with that a special
has ended up just 150 points behind
dyrus captain flowers now a full 200
points ahead dyrus who would have a huge
lead early on now getting caught up on
and we'll move on to his turn to draw
now though second deck let's do it let's
start that timer
[Music]
people iris for this the giggle at the
start means good things are coming oh I
like where this is going
he's happy he's happy dude he's happy I
think I think I can guess that that's
probably a gun only I'm spoiling
anything that looks like a gun not too
happy down to about half the time I
buzzed did you buzz yeah it says buzz oh
there we go sorry boys there you go you
are buzzed in now for me cap and flowers
ready to guess what is it
head shot do we have head shot seems
like there's a little bit of a delay
captain flowers I see the points go up
for you yeah but I did not hear the
correct answer show up
yeah the sounds seem kind of buggy right
now it seems like there's a little bit
boys hey I hear there's the correct
answer alright I saw the points already
go up dyrus got his 200 cap and flowers
got his 200 putting especially a little
bit further down behind but dyrus what
are you talking about being a bad artist
dude these drawings of yours are on
point I knew exactly what I was looking
at from the moment you made your first
chalk line yeah I'm not really great at
drawing so the best thing that I could
do is just make it look like something
that you know yeah I could do that's all
right so why don't we go ahead give a
special his his second shot here the
only one we're actually to make this the
last one it's special this is your
chance you were the only one to not get
one right so far let's get that timer
going only had one yeah I know but you
everyone else got both there's no one
got here and your drawing
here we go timers up what that's like
that time in the right ability
I believe the champion is wrong on that
one but I think just go with the ability
name okay
oh man this is gonna be good if we need
to I'll give I'll give us especially
like a little extra ten seconds if
people need it back to the stick figures
again everyone look look at those
individual strands of hair dude the
detail he's putting into this using with
the vocal hints they're viruses buzz
dude thinks he knows what it is quick
again Silve up halftime what is it buddy
boomerang blade is it Boomerang Blade
wait I'll take my time really blade but
he's kind of going back to the same
thing after wiping it away again this is
funny I feel bad for captain flowers so
I'll explain what happened all right 15
seconds remaining I don't know the name
of a lot of stuff I would hope you know
this one I don't know the name of it
how is big monster shitting on you but
it's not
oh so wait it was boomerang toss oh it's
a boomerang throw but a trogs and I was
like it's not a chocks sivir but I guess
sure is boomerang something else
boom bang blade blade so when you sow a
special thought he didn't know the name
either he thought it was silver so he
drew hair and I realized oh shit
it's gnar and then tried to draw it
again with length throw like what I
didn't know this ability I feel trolled
honestly the best part about this is I'm
never gonna be able to see that champion
again without thinking of this drawing
of like this new circle monster sitting
on this little guy expecially had a good
job guessing not so much with the art of
1,300 points not too far behind
dyrus suits at 1650 and captain flower
is 1850 in the lead all pretty close
though
and before we move on to the next game
just want to shout out Morgan bond I
believe it was for the max Reno tip
thank you very much we all appreciate
that and just in case anyone else is
wondering with what match Reno is you
just showed up there's a link down the
description below it is the sponsor for
the channel and it's what we use for the
tips so if you are enjoying it you know
feel free to let us know just sign in
through twitch anyways without further
ado let's go on to Round five oh do you
want to do just around fire you want
thrown that dankmemes one - what's the
day oh no let's do a round five all
right give me your best round fun round
five round five production ten ten
points according to production what all
right because you didn't get all
gravelly dude you had to get like yeah
already with the intro you're just
trying to make it sound good for your
self
or for like through your voice instead
of like going hard yeah yeah it was a
little too like seductive I almost I
don't know anyways this game is called
dankmemes if you couldn't tell by the
intro and the way this one works is what
we will do is we will show an image and
time will be given to the contestants to
come up with a meme and it'll have top
text and bottom text so if you ever seen
like philosoraptor any of those kinds of
things it's kind of a long that line
where there's a funny image and you guys
will have to kind of give the text for
it each contestant will give their meme
anonymously and then we will show all
three to the stream and people will be
able to vote on their favorite by typing
an exclamation point a exhibition point
B or excavation point C you will then
vote 90 seconds to vote on your favorite
one when time is up I'll reveal who has
each meme and then once this is done we
will total the vote counts and we will
distribute a thousand points based off
the percentage of total votes you got so
if you got 80 percent for your dank meme
you get 800 points so there's a lot of
potential for huge swings here this is
what I was referencing captain flowers
when we're talking about potential
ketchup here I feel like you guys
understand the rules for the most part
yeah yeah alright I'm excited so let's
go ahead and pull up the first image you
guys are gonna have to work with picture
of TSM at Worlds waving so you guys have
two minutes here actually to go ahead
and come up with your your text that you
want to put on this one I feel there's a
lot of potential the pressure though you
know yeah two minutes to put out your
best thing for thousands of viewers it's
also a pretty tough for special
interests old TSM players potentially
gonna have to shit on their old team oh
no I got this one
she's excited too
feels confident in his you can submit
them as soon as as soon as you've done
with it don't need to use up the whole
two minutes if you don't need it I see
some good ones and twitch chat good but
you guys are not allowed to look at
twitch it hosts privilege it
no one has submitted yet after the first
minute special finally get citizen don't
overthink it too much guys you know this
is just some simple fun you know it's a
meme
sounds like he's struggling or he just
had an epiphany one of it too
only 30 seconds remaining no one else
has submitted yet make sure you guys get
it in I need those answers even if you
have to just word vomit some stuff out
there you only have almost 10 seconds
remaining you got to give me something
here a twitch chat also do not troll you
only get to vote once the the bot is not
that bad just as a heads up when we
reveal these dyrus has submitted come on
captain flowers time's up you can't last
a minute okay there we go
yeah I don't want to have to you know
give you guys extensions so why don't we
go ahead and reveal the three
submissions anonymously you won't notice
when these are twitch chat do not troll
once again just you know give us what
you think is the best one so when we go
ahead pull those submissions up and so
as you see the first one
TSM featuring as much of double espresso
you saw him in the final series oh God
and then we have M Pearson and four
wards Oh God
so go ahead and vote everybody a
exclamation point a B or C you only got
15 seconds left go ahead stand that in
there I you know so disappointed in
myself what this is I see I think
there's a big favorite right now looking
at chat seconds left
yeah I'm so disappointed in myself man
this was an easy one I just thought way
too hard by voting has closed why don't
we go ahead and reveal which submission
is which first and there you see special
and dyers the TSM players they know what
it's like being wards right is that what
this is you guys have experienced the
first thing comes in mine oh god I
captain flowers the one with the TSM
features of doublelift as you saw in the
final series
[Music]
we'll see you wanted to go ahead and
reveal the voting totals first captain
flowers yeah no surprise a whopping 83%
of the votes especially getting 10% just
edging out dyrus at 7% god I wonder how
many more rounds of this there's one
more rounded it's so long ago ahead
alright they got for this I can bring it
back especially it's 104 dyers gets 65
Kappa flowers 830 holy one of the
biggest discrepancies ever on this I'm
glad you liked it spicy means you can't
have a be stale meme no I literally got
down to 20 seconds and I was like where
the hell is Dee lift in this photo and
then I was like oh probably the same
place he was in this year he's like back
in the spawn flap I actually saw the arm
too and I was like I was thinking about
then I had this like if Tiffany of like
Oh what if I dude the four wards oh okay
so with that especially goes up to
fourteen fourteen points Doris has 1715
and captain flowers for two thousand six
hundred seventy nine points commandingly
but you know there's always another meme
around the corner why don't we go ahead
and pull up the next one on your screen
spicy picture
so if twitch chat isn't familiar I'll go
ahead and give a little context around
this picture
immortals there's been a rumor leaked
that they do not get into franchising
next year and one of the teams also
leaked that supposedly did get in was
the Cavs so you have LeBron James
stuffing immortals out of the hoop this
picture is pretty spicy on its emblem
I'm so bad this fuck of six special deep
in thought
only coming up on about a minute to go
half the time down no one submitted yet
Oh such a good picture it feels like
there's so much so much to work with you
still no submissions I'm not even sure I
hear keyboards rattling with people
typing in their their ideas 30 seconds
left
we're gonna have to see running low on
time gotta start thinking gotta put
something in can be anything I heard
some I heard some clattering some
keyboard clattering still no submissions
final ten seconds count flowers gets us
in first one submitted waiting on die
arsenic special three two one
sent send it in send it in time's up
there we go boys all three are in why
don't we go ahead and reveal what the
three are anonymously first one a when
you shot at the NLCS 2018 ends up just
like you say about this one
I think this might tie into a certain
person's personality and then finally
let's flash cost a spot twitchchat 15
seconds left go in there give your
favorite and go ahead favorite me miss
[Music]
execution point a B or C the only way
that second one's better is if it says I
like basketball and then just bottom
text no I mean the text is just bottom
text Oh
people like purposely like shitty
surreal memes or they just write bottom
text at the bottom
yeah all right so why don't we go ahead
and reveal whose is whose
we're still tallying votes actually so
one second for reveal that so I have I
would guess if the I like basketball one
is that all a reference to a specials
famous mean basketball right we'll see
which one is gonna end up winning but
when you're shot that any LCS 2018 ends
up like you shot a world I like that one
its original it took a lot to come up
with Kobe Stein's flash also pretty good
if anyone hasn't seen that play I assume
all three of you have seen that play
right dude I see that play every night
when I try to go to sleep that was that
was painful still tallying up votes I
believe how'd you guys you guys like the
picture on this one at least yeah dude
that was good we did having a better
picture make it like harder to to come
like tough to get on its level I think
that's what it was like it was kind of
intimidating cuz you're like this
picture is really good so you got to
come up with something legit to go with
it like if you just have a normal
picture of just like oh TSM is walking
out on the stage it's a lot easier with
cuz it's just it's lower intensity you
know lower pressure yep so why don't we
go ahead we will now reveal who had each
won a special no surprise I like
basketball if I could love it too would
you we trying to reference that I like
girls thing you can't hate on the guy
for like in basketball Oh God alright
dyrus was flashed the spine I was trying
to like you know construct something
really good but then I just I just like
I couldn't it's too too hard I think it
was it wasn't too bad
same same same kind of idea between the
two cab
the idea that immortals are so close to
advancing in worlds
I should type the wall on the bottom the
voting a special 50% of the vote 13
Duras only 58 votes of 39 hours getting
the most of the two that were kind of
similar in jokes 159 37% so if we go
ahead reveal the point totals special
getting almost 500 points 495 damn this
is 134 and captain flowers 360 I can't
believe all right please closes out this
round special moves up to 1,900 points
dyrus very close behind at 1850 and
captain flowers almost a whole thousand
points had over a thousand points at
3048 we scaling he's scale into the link
Ireland he told us his game plan we
couldn't even stop him now before we
start to final round just want Eve
another shout out to the sponsors show
ace your predator they're the official
sponsor the league Legends World
Championship and all their monitors are
being used for the competition they also
sponsor this show so thank you very much
for bringing this to you I hope twitch
chat you are enjoying it and without
further ado why don't we go ahead and
get into the final round
Oh baby final round is special infants
final round no one will get a chance to
do their own version of it mark you do
them you do the voice you want me to do
it yeah yeah I'll do it final round that
was good that was yeah that was a okay
emoji
can we give mark some points yeah so
much of a burden for production we could
throw some you know 50 points for me
anyways the round that we'll be doing
this time is called emoji G so the way
this will work
you'll be showing a series of emojis to
the contestants and it will just be
describing an item in the shop from the
game contestants will have to ring in
and guess the correct answer there's no
penalty for incorrect answers don't be
hesitate this is my kind of game yes
you're kind of gave flowers questions
are worth 300 points so quite a few here
you cannot lose points the wrong answer
only one guest per round though I have
my 50 points on-screen thank you very
much yeah so you guys feel like you're
ready you ready born ready dude that
last push for special and hours to catch
Captain flowers all or nothing at this
point
alright final round here we go let's
pull the first emote GG up on screen I
can't see it I don't see anything oh
there we go
eight of these flowers sweating lens
uh I believe captain flowers buzzed in
first yeah it says I'm sweeping lens
yeah sweeping lens do we have sweeping
lens there's indeed sleeping rinse Derek
you can see this right yeah I got
confused for a sec yeah mine showed up
late yeah sure yeah well once again
captain flowers quick fingers to get
sweeping lens seven more to go move on
to the next one
dyrus um buzz in first no one else even
buzzed in yet I'll control six for good
yeah you just want it you just want to
revoke yourself
thank control six that is especially
buzzed in what do you think this is
banner command do we have that's good oh
man alright it's special well less than
or still a little over a thousand points
needs to get four to get 1200 points to
surpass captain flowers who can't get
any right so this is a close race here
and see if you can do it moving on to
the third one special once again buzzing
in first statikk shiv statikk shiv is
that the right answer not the right
answer what knock the right answer will
see the iris captain flowers buzzin
anytime special probably wants dyrus to
get it right if anything points off
captain flowers
collusion between the bottom team try
try thinking about what each word is
lottie's are kind of wordplay so you
know first one yeah there are there all
items but you know the first thing on
screen is a bead dyrus epiphany time bf
sword is it bf sword oh that's what how
is the middle F it's off be off so so
you know tough game dyrus actually is
now the running either you know is
giving a special to clear credit here
but dyrus also has one more point than
captain flower so if he gets a single I
don't think it's gonna happen but if it
does I'm gonna laugh my ass off I
believe in you
anyways move on to the fourth one pull
that up on screen
this once this one was tough when I was
when I was looking at this one give you
guys a hint it's not control six all
right captain flowers buzzes in first
Archangel step there is it arc angels
scepter no tis not arc angel scepter huh
I'm an idiot
captain flowers realizes his mistake a
specialist in Archangels staff arc
angels oh wait it is Wow staff are
chained gel staff would not have guessed
that about that is far dude yeah captain
flowers with the assist oh my god dude
I'm trolling I'm trolling he did the
hard part
couldn't get the easy part oh it's a
disaster anyways a special now this
needs three more dyrus there's four
questions remaining you are not out of
the running yet you just need to go on
the hottest streak of your life okay
we'll go ahead number five
another good one I like this one a lot
it's special buzzes in rabbit ons f cap
is it rabbit Dawn's death cap oh wow
yeah that's really good especially just
you away from catching up to captain
flowers rabbit on death cap run for
second place now officially out of the
running but he can still overlap it
special get second place so we'll move
on
number six three left
can you do it let's go it's special
buzzing and again I have the Oasis is it
I of the Oasis
holy cow fire my god special gets it
again
Oh a six I oh my gosh dude this is great
because I'm archangel staff I told
myself like the greatest mistake the
funny thing is a special can get this
one right and then question eight will
still potentially be the decider yeah
and dyrus can also play spoiler for
somebody here if he grabs one away to
protect cap and flowers or ruin him
potentially I'm here to troll people no
yeah daddy's here to troll all right
we're going on to the second to last one
oh god this is it this one is actually
so so so weird
no it's so all I'll give a hint soon
I'll get I'll give it a give a hint
later my brains too small so what do you
what do you guys think this the second
part is like and any ideas will snow
it is indeed Will Smith is it Willis man
there's indeed Will Smith what we think
well you think the first part is this is
an item right this is an item so here's
the hint I'll give you this item only
shows up in the shop and it does show up
on summoners rift but it only shows up
if like a certain if a certain thing
happens I won't say what that is it is
it is very is in it it I'll give another
hand in a second but hopefully you'll
understand that this is it this thing
only shows that the shop sometimes dude
I only play Scarn I don't know anything
about exclusive item that's so
unfortunate Oh Dyer is potentially I
don't know what's called alright so here
it is it's only when a certain champion
is in the game can this champion
purchased this item I don't know what's
called dude look at look at the picture
picture will give you the hints you know
you don't need to know everything about
you hours thinks he has it
fire at will is it fire at will oh my
god thank thank gangplank baby
it's silver serpent doubloon yarr
whatever those things are yeah I get 500
silver serpents and with that captain
flowers has expanded as Li just big
enough to hold a special event
dang it we still have one more to go how
to do the last one yeah we'll do the
last one move on to the number eight
here that one was tough dude that one's
that one's hard like really hard
I want you size would be super easy yeah
here we go last one pulling up on screen
cap and flower six he has it Trinity
force is it Trinity force that's my item
dude that's what you get for only
playing skarner eped rain net t fours
this is hard dude I can't like no this
just this topic in general I'm just like
not smart I dressed not witty enough for
it super close almost the the crazy
comeback bike special but just barely
defended by Captain flowers who is your
streamer showdown victor array is this
where they span the smokes yes so this
is really about sports you get to tell
twitch at what they want to spin spam
snoozers ban the smart twitch chat
everyone give me some smorc spur for
captain flowers here captain flowers i
played D&D with him sometimes he plays
orcs all the time he's called dango
Bongo he's called himself smorc before
as well this dude loves blameless play
it's his favorite yes grain this game
play run at the enemy mash the same
button smorc smorc smorc faces the place
alright so captain flowers this indeed
your winner but you know special
shout-out to dyerson special as well
captain flowers anything you want to say
before you know we head out not a good
time up it's left my ass off the whole
game but I told you you play for the
late game and you win this is art and
sensor meta baby
five minutes coin flip a teamfight let's
go captain flowers called it out was
able to execute especially you had a
really close run there at the end came
down to Nina you get the final two and
it was a really weird weird item in the
shop that guy honestly owe it all to
guess in the splashing arts like fuck
didn't guess all the splash art side
wouldn't know one yeah a good name to it
was really close he actually
man any any shoutouts you want to say
you know just before we move along right
yeah once harden gets in there for
leaking the destro
we'll be back in business okay okay
rematch rematch once Arthur gets nerfed
yeah we get it we get a rematch wait
till tomorrow yeah yeah yeah patch
tonight patch tonight okay if only this
was one day later especially would have
had it
oh shit dude dyrus last place almost
could have made the run as well but that
last game just didn't feel like your cup
of tea yeah I got screwed at the I had I
had a chance with the meme I just needed
like a couple more minutes and I would
have been man posted online ask for help
yeah post on Twitter for peer review any
any shoutouts dyrus you twitch channel
where do people find you that kind of
stuff um yes i'm darris i'm gonna be
streaming for like two hours after this
so if you'd wanna watch I'm I'll be
there especially where can people find
you just don't go anywhere I guess your
channel uh yeah
wait what do you want Twitter um six
special today in your Facebook scene for
twitch I'll be there Nostrum after this
but dyrus will be alright thank you very
much for coming out also everyone
remember there's no ass annex special
finally captain flowers where can people
find you Twitter handle do you slut like
that Twitter is at captain flowers too
because I can't get captain flowers
original until they fix it and you can
find me on any na LCS Riot Games stuff
like that I currently don't stream
personally but maybe eventually if I'm
good at game shows maybe I got a future
in it man maybe maybe twist check and
can tell you if they would want to watch
the stream maybe you can get some
support in there anyways that's gonna do
it though for us here at streamer
showdown once again thank you very much
to ace your predator for coming out and
sponsoring this show they're also the
official sponsor of the League of
Legends 2017 World Championship also
thank you to matcha RINO for sponsoring
the tip jar and last chance for you guys
if you enjoyed the show we would very
much appreciate it go down the twist
description below click that link
sign in through twitch you can use your
PayPal to you know pay help out the the
production staff and in the cash coming
out
we very much appreciate also you can buy
stuff on that site potentially as well
so check it out peruse it maybe you find
some soil and something you want to do
some proceeds will go to the show as
well also followed the stream show down
twitter at stream show down these guys
actually produce shows all over the
place they haven't at twitchcon that was
super cool DJ tweet was hosting that one
that was sick and they do another game
so they have overwatch ones that have
hearthstone one so it's not just League
of Legends check them out and then a
special thanks also to the visual cortex
for helping produce it a vent vent
excess for helping out as well he was
the one actually producing this show
thank you to all those guys for bringing
this to League of Legends I think this
is something different that we haven't
done before and very fun so thank you
guys all for watching I'm mark Zimmerman
you find me at the mark Z on twitter two
E's and we will see you guys next time
thank you Mark for hosting yep thanks a
lot guys
you